[IMP] barcode: update zebra instructions (#7580)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/barcode/setup/hardware.rst

   :align: center
   :alt: An image of an example barcode scanner.

Scanner types
=============

Before setting up a barcode scanner, it is important to determine which type of scanner best meets
the needs of the business. There are three main types of scanners that can be used with Odoo, each
with their own benefits and use cases:

> - *USB scanners* are connected to a computer, and are suitable for businesses that scan products at

Reviewer: consider using **bold** formatting here to pop those choices out more, visually, for the reader.
```suggestion
- **USB scanners** are connected to a computer, and are suitable for businesses that scan products at
```

  a fixed location, like at the checkout line in a grocery store.

>   .. important::

Reviewer: consider taking this line and creating a larger **important** block below the three choices to also include OS/Chrome details in the third bullet-point. It's not clear to me why this gets an admonition and the other part does not.

>  .. important::
>     Ensure the chosen USB scanner is compatible with the keyboard layout of the computer.

Reviewer 2: Admonition needs to be indented by _one more_ space to align with the text in the bullet point :)
```suggestion
  .. important::
     Ensure the chosen USB scanner is compatible with the keyboard layout of the computer.
```

> - *Bluetooth scanners* pair with a smartphone or tablet, making them an ideal cost-effective and
>   portable barcode scanner option. In this scenario, Odoo is installed on the smartphone, allowing

Reviewer: wording

```suggestion
- *Bluetooth scanners* pair with a smartphone or tablet, making them both a cost-effective and
  portable barcode scanner option. In this scenario, Odoo is installed on the smartphone, allowing
```

   :align: center
   :alt: An image of an example barcode scanner.

Scanner types
=============

Before setting up a barcode scanner, it is important to determine which type of scanner best meets
the needs of the business. There are three main types of scanners that can be used with Odoo, each
with their own benefits and use cases:

> - *USB scanners* are connected to a computer, and are suitable for businesses that scan products
>   at a fixed location, like at the checkout line in a grocery store.

Reviewer 2: Early line break
```suggestion
- *USB scanners* are connected to a computer, and are suitable for businesses that scan products at
  a fixed location, like at the checkout line in a grocery store.
```

> .. important::
>    Ensure the chosen USB scanner is compatible with the keyboard layout of the computer.

Reviewer 2: Can indent this admonition to be under the **USB scanners** bullet point, this also improves the list formatting by adding padding between the list items :)
```suggestion
  .. important::
     Ensure the chosen USB scanner is compatible with the keyboard layout of the computer.
```

- *Bluetooth scanners* pair with a smartphone or tablet, making them an ideal cost-effective and
  portable barcode scanner option. In this scenario, Odoo is installed on the smartphone, allowing
  warehouse operators to handle operations, and check stock, directly through their mobile devices.

> 

Reviewer 2: Can remove this empty line between list items of the same level
```suggestion
```

Scanner types
=============

Before setting up a barcode scanner, it is important to determine which type of scanner best meets
the needs of the business. There are three main types of scanners that can be used with Odoo, each
with their own benefits and use cases:

> - **USB scanners** are connected to a computer, and are suitable for businesses that scan products

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- *USB scanners* are connected to a computer, and are suitable for businesses that scan products
```

>   at a fixed location, like at the checkout line in a grocery store. Ensure the chosen USB scanner
>   is compatible with the keyboard layout of the computer.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  at a fixed location, like at the checkout line in a grocery store.

.. important::
   Ensure the chosen USB scanner is compatible with the keyboard layout of the computer.
```
using this admonition because this information is required in order the user to properly accomplish the goal/use the scanner

> - **Bluetooth scanners** pair with a smartphone or tablet, making them an ideal cost-effective and

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- *Bluetooth scanners* pair with a smartphone or tablet, making them an ideal cost-effective and
```

> Scanner types

Reviewer 3: I know that you didn't change the first 15 lines of this doc, but I'd suggest removing the text in line 14, as that alt text is already in the image formatting in line 12.

Reviewer 3: I would also rename this doc to remove the verb as the first word...

something like: "Barcode scanner setup" could be a could option

=============

Before setting up a barcode scanner, it is important to determine which type of scanner best meets
the needs of the business. There are three main types of scanners that can be used with Odoo, each
with their own benefits and use cases:

- *USB scanners* are connected to a computer, and are suitable for businesses that scan products
  at a fixed location, like at the checkout line in a grocery store.

.. important::
   Ensure the chosen USB scanner is compatible with the keyboard layout of the computer.

- *Bluetooth scanners* pair with a smartphone or tablet, making them an ideal cost-effective and
  portable barcode scanner option. In this scenario, Odoo is installed on the smartphone, allowing

>   warehouse operators to handle operations, and check stock directly through their mobile devices.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  warehouse operators to handle operations, and check stock, directly through their mobile devices.
```

specific barcode in the user manual, like `CR suffix ON` or `Apply Enter for suffix`.

Zebra scanner
=============

When using Zebra scanners, ensure the following keystroke configurations are set to prevent errors.

> Begin on the Zebra scanner's home screen, and select the :guilabel:`DataWedge` app (the icon for the
> app is a light blue barcode). On the :guilabel:`DataWedge Profiles` page, select the profile option
> to access the Zebra scanner's settings.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Begin on the Zebra scanner's home screen, and select the :guilabel:`DataWedge` app (the app is
represented by a :guilabel:`light blue barcode` icon).

On the :guilabel:`DataWedge Profiles` page that appears, select the profile option to access the
Zebra scanner's settings.
```

.. warning::
   It is not suggested to use the "DWDemo" profile, as it does not work properly in every
   circumstance. Instead, it is recommended to create a new, personal profile. Once a new profile is
   created, add the Odoo Mobile App and Google Chrome in the *Associated Apps* on the scanner's home

>    screen.

Reviewer 4: Do you have a Zebra scanner on-hand to test? I took a look at the ticket that Darryl linked, and there are a little bit more details on how to add Odoo Mobile and Google Chrome. 
![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/23611711/b30713ff-f831-4f2e-b307-7c8fb499bd42)

Adding the specific instructions might make this important admonition block more bulky, but I think it's always good to be very specific about instructions, especially since users don't have resources other than our documentation. 
 
If you have a zebra scanner that you can test with, I'd recommend going through the instructions provided by jelu, the support agent, and naming the dropdown menus, headings, and buttons, so that readers are super clear on where to go to add Chrome and Odoo. If you don't have access to a scanner, I can get one from the SF office and I can fill in the details for you! Just let me know (:

>    It is not suggested to use the "DWDemo" profile, as it does not work properly in every
>    circumstance. Instead, it is recommended to create a new, personal profile. Once a new profile is
>    created, add the Odoo Mobile App and Google Chrome in the *Associated Apps* on the scanner's home
>    screen.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   It is **not** suggested to use the "DWDemo" profile, as it does not work properly in every
   circumstance.
   
   Instead, it is recommended to create a new, personal profile. Once a new profile is created, add
   the *Odoo Mobile App* and *Google Chrome* in the *Associated Apps* on the scanner's home screen.
```

Once the profile is selected, scroll down to the :guilabel:`Keyboard Output` option, and ensure the
:guilabel:`Enable/disable keystroke output` option is :guilabel:`Enabled`.

.. image:: hardware/enable-keystroke.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Show keystroke option in the Zebra scanner's DataWedge app.

Once that option is enabled, go back to the :guilabel:`Profile` options page, and go to the
:guilabel:`Keystroke output` section. Then, open the :guilabel:`Key event options` submenu. Under
:guilabel:`Characters`, ensure the :guilabel:`Send Characters as Events` option is checked.

.. important::
   The :guilabel:`Send Characters as Events` option **must** be checked on the Zebra scanner, or
   Odoo **cannot** recognize the barcodes that are scanned.

Once all those steps have been taken, perform a test scan to ensure the Zebra scanner is working

> properly as intended.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
properly, as intended.
```

specific barcode in the user manual, like `CR suffix ON` or `Apply Enter for suffix`.

Zebra scanner
=============

When using Zebra scanners, ensure the following keystroke configurations are set to prevent errors.

Begin on the Zebra scanner's home screen, and select the :guilabel:`DataWedge` app (the app is

> represented by a :guilabel:`light blue barcode` icon).

Reviewer 2: Add parentheses around the icon descriptor to keep a consistent format
```suggestion
represented by a :guilabel:`(light blue barcode)` icon).
```

specific barcode in the user manual, like `CR suffix ON` or `Apply Enter for suffix`.

Zebra scanner
=============

When using Zebra scanners, ensure the following keystroke configurations are set to prevent errors.

Begin on the Zebra scanner's home screen, and select the :guilabel:`DataWedge` app (the app is
represented by a :guilabel:`light blue barcode` icon).

On the :guilabel:`DataWedge Profiles` page, select the profile option to access the Zebra scanner's
settings.

.. warning::
   It is **not** suggested to use the "DWDemo" profile, as it does not work properly in every
   circumstance.

   Instead, it is recommended to create a new, personal profile. Once a new profile is created, add

>    the *Odoo Mobile App* and *Google Chrome* in the *Associated Apps* on the scanner's home screen.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   the *Odoo Mobile* app and *Google Chrome* app in the :guilabel:`Associated Apps` on the scanner's
   home screen.
```
